# THOR (Transformative Handler of Reports)        
-------------------------------------------------------------
          Concepted and programmed by: Logan Willis          
-------------------------------------------------------------
                                                             
# Description:

THOR is a piece of software that originated from Eglin PMEL's receipt of a new Force Calibration System.  The FCS came standard with a piece of software that was designed to follow the calibration of force test, measurement, and diagnostic equipment (TMDE) in realtime and provide the certifying technician with a report that could then be given to the customer.  However, the report that the software generated was in an awful text format and did not contain a complete list of all the data that the customer needed to receive.  As such, the intention was to create a piece of software that would read the text reports generated by the FCS software and convert them into a structured report that was aesthetically pleasing and contained all the information that the customer needed.

_____________________________________________________________
                                                             
# Requirements:

THOR is currently in the form of a Windows Executable file and has been tested and proven operational on the following versions of Windows:

    - Windows XP
    - Windows 7

Additionally, THOR requires a copy of a text report generated by the FCS software.  Dialog prompts are used to fetch this file, so nomenclature does not matter.

_____________________________________________________________
                                                             
# Instructions:

THOR is a self-sufficient executable file that can be run from anywhere on the computer.  Clicking the "Import Report" button will prompt the user to locate the text report they intend to convert.  It is imperative that the text file not be open in any text editor or be utilized actively by the FCS because THOR will not be able to access the file.

When the file has been successfully imported and interpreted, all the variables that can be analyzed from the report itself will be automatically be populated in the corresponding fields of the new report.  The user can then edit the contents of any of the fields and adjust variables as necessary.  The OWC fields will not populate upon the generation of the report.  Instead, however, the user must select the appropriate OWC from the OWC selection box which will, in turn, update the appropriate fields.  The list of OWCs in this selection box can be edited by clicking the "Manage OWCs" button.  This will direct the user to a new menu from which OWC information can be added, edited, and removed from the list.

Once the report is satisfactory, the user can then click the "Print Report" button to print the report out.  THOR will convert all editable fields to read-only text and will capture the image of the report, then add official letterhead and a statement of traceability above and below, respectively, to create a Calibration Details report that can be presented to the customer.

Additionally, the user can click on the "Save Report" button to save an XML clone of the report to an Archive folder (created locally to the directory from which THOR was executed) with the ID of the item in the report as the name of the file.  This file can be reviewed and printed at a later time by clicking on the "Load Report" button, which will prompt the user for the location of the file to import.  Upon importing, all data will be restored and can be edited once more.

-------------------------------------------------------------
THOR is not an officially licensed or registered product, nor are its contents or the views of its creator representative of the Air Force or any members of the PMEL at Eglin AFB, FL.
-------------------------------------------------------------
